ENG-12957: Add section for S3 File Browser configuration (#101)
cyralinc/terraform-aws-sidecar-ec2: docs/s3-browser.md

#### Enable the S3 File Browser

To configure the sidecar to work on the S3 File Browser, set the following parameters in your Terraform module:

  ```
  # Certificate related changes
  load_balancer_tls_ports  = [443] # Port used to connect to the sidecar from the S3 browser
  load_balancer_certificate_arn = "arn:aws:acm:<REGION>:<AWS_ACCOUNT>:certificate/<CERTIFICATE_ID>"
  
  # Custom DNS name (CNAME) related changes
  sidecar_dns_hosted_zone_id = "<AWS_ROUTE_53_ZONE_ID>"
  sidecar_dns_name = "<CNAME>" # ex: "sidecar.custom-domain.com"
  ```

If `sidecar_dns_hosted_zone_id` is omitted, the `sidecar_dns_name` won’t

> be automatically created, and the sidecar alias will need to be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
be automatically created in Route53 and the CNAME will need to be
```

created after the deployment. See [Add a CNAME or A record for
the sidecar](https://cyral.com/docs/sidecars/manage/alias).

> For sidecars with support for S3, it is also a good practice to also
> attach the list of IAM Policies giving the sidecar all the required
> permissions to assume IAM roles with access to S3:
> 
>   ```
>   # IAM Policies to be attached to the sidecar, which allow the sidecar to 
>   # assume the desired IAM Roles with access to S3 buckets
>   iam_policies = ["arn:aws:iam::<AWS_ACCOUNT>:policy/<POLICY_NAME>"]
>   ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For sidecars with support for S3, it is necessary that a separate IAM role
(S3 role) is created as part of the setup process. The S3 role will
provide the necessary permissions on the target buckets that will be used
in the S3 File Browser. It is also necessary that the the S3 role trusts
the [sidecar role](https://github.com/cyralinc/terraform-aws-sidecar-ec2#output_aws_iam_role_arn)
 so the sidecar can assume the S3 role to access the
target buckets. The code below can be used as a starting point to
create your S3 role and also to trust the sidecar role created as part
of this module:

```hcl
# Creates an IAM policy that the sidecar will assume in order to access
# your S3 bucket. In this example, the policy attached to the role will
# let the sidecar access all buckets.
#
# This should NOT be used in production. Refer to the AWS documentation
# for guidance on how to restrict to the buckets you plan to protect.
#
data "aws_iam_policy_document" "s3_access_policy" {
  statement {
    actions   = ["s3:*"]
    resources = [
      "arn:aws:s3:::*"
    ]
  }
}

resource "aws_iam_policy" "s3_access_policy" {
  name        = "sidecar_s3_access_policy"
  path        = "/"
  description = "Allow sidecar to access S3"
  policy      = data.aws_iam_policy_document.s3_access_policy.json
}

data "aws_iam_policy_document" "sidecar_trust_policy" {
  statement {
    actions = ["sts:AssumeRole"]
    effect  = "Allow"
    principals {
      type        = "AWS"
      identifiers = [module.cyral_sidecar.aws_iam_role_arn]
    }
  }
}

resource "aws_iam_role" "s3_role" {
  name               = "sidecar_s3_access_role"
  path               = "/"
  assume_role_policy = data.aws_iam_policy_document.sidecar_trust_policy.json
}

resource "aws_iam_role_policy_attachment" "s3_role_policy_attachment" {
  role       = aws_iam_role.s3_role.name
  policy_arn = aws_iam_policy.s3_access_policy.arn
}
```

# let the sidecar access all buckets.
#
# This should NOT be used in production. Refer to the AWS documentation
# for guidance on how to restrict to the buckets you plan to protect.
#
data "aws_iam_policy_document" "s3_access_policy" {
  statement {
    actions   = ["s3:*"]
    resources = [
      "arn:aws:s3:::*"
    ]
  }
}

resource "aws_iam_policy" "s3_access_policy" {
  name        = "sidecar_s3_access_policy"
  path        = "/"
  description = "Allow sidecar to access S3"
  policy      = data.aws_iam_policy_document.s3_access_policy.json
}

data "aws_iam_policy_document" "sidecar_trust_policy" {
  statement {
    actions = ["sts:AssumeRole"]
    effect  = "Allow"
    principals {
      type        = "AWS"
      identifiers = [module.cyral_sidecar.aws_iam_role_arn]
    }
  }
}

resource "aws_iam_role" "s3_role" {
  name               = "sidecar_s3_access_role"
  path               = "/"
  assume_role_policy = data.aws_iam_policy_document.sidecar_trust_policy.json
}

resource "aws_iam_role_policy_attachment" "s3_role_policy_attachment" {
  role       = aws_iam_role.s3_role.name
  policy_arn = aws_iam_policy.s3_access_policy.arn

> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion
}
```
```
